doc: matter: Fix custom cluster guide (#22262)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/matter/getting_started/custom_clusters.rst

      )

      # NORDIC SDK APP END

.. rst-class:: numbered-step

Implement all the required commands in the application code
***********************************************************

> Some of the new commands must be implemented in the application code to reflect the cluster functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must implement some of the new commands in the application code to reflect the cluster functionality.
```
Can you specify which new commands? Some sounds very vague.

> It should be named by combining the ``emberAf`` prefix, the cluster name, command name, and ``Callback`` suffix, should return a boolean value, and take the following parameters:

Reviewer: When naming the <command?>, combine ...
It returns...

"It" meaning?

* ``CommandHandler *commandObj`` - The command handler.
* ``const ConcreteCommandPath &commandPath`` - The command path.
* ``const <command name>::DecodableType &commandData`` - The command arguments, where ``<command name>`` is the name of the command.

For example, if you define the following command in the :file:`MyCluster.xml` file:

.. code-block:: xml

   <command source="client" code="0xFFF10000" name="MyCommand" optional="false">
      <description>Command that takes two uint8 arguments and returns their sum.</description>
      <arg name="arg1" type="int8u"/>
      <arg name="arg2" type="int8u"/>
   </command>

Then, you need to implement the following command in the application code:

.. code-block:: c

   bool emberAfMyNewClusterMyCommandCallback(CommandHandler *commandObj, const ConcreteCommandPath &commandPath, const MyCommand::DecodableType &commandData)
   {
      // TODO: Implement the command.
   }

The same applies to the extended commands.

> For example, if you want to extend the ``BasicInformation`` cluster with the ``ExtendedCommand`` command, you need to implement it in the application code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you want to extend the ``BasicInformation`` cluster with the ``ExtendedCommand`` command, you need to implement it in the application code as follows:
```

      )

      # NORDIC SDK APP END

.. rst-class:: numbered-step

Implement all the required commands in the application code
***********************************************************

> You must implement newly defined commands as a dedicated function in the application code to reflect the cluster functionality.
> Name the function by combining the ``emberAf`` prefix, the cluster name, command name, and ``Callback`` suffix.
> The function must return a boolean value, and take the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must implement the newly defined commands as a dedicated function in the application code to reflect the cluster functionality.
Name the function by combining the ``emberAf`` prefix, cluster name, command name, and ``Callback`` suffix.
The function must return a boolean value, and it takes the following parameters:
```
